Clicks Happen
Jasper’s example proves
that people make mistakes and anyone,
even the most cautious, security aware person,
could fall victim to a phishing attack.
You can prevent it from happening to you
by slowing down and thinking critically.
Treat all requests for sensitive information or money
with a high degree of skepticism.
Stay alert for common red flags such as
poor spelling and grammar, threatening language,
an urgent demand to click on a link or download an attachment,
and generic greetings like sir or madam.
Always hover over any links to reveal their full URL.
And even if the URL appears legitimate,
don’t click unless you’re 100 percent sure it’s safe.
Phishing ranks as the number one attack
in a social engineer’s playbook.
Regardless of your job title,
these attacks will eventually land in your inbox.
When you receive a phishing email,
report it immediately by notifying the appropriate party.
Key Takeaways
Treat requests for sensitive information with skepticism.
Stay alert for typical red flags like bad grammar
and urgent or threatening language.
Report all phishing attacks immediately.